and at least five Palestinians were
killed in the al-shati camp and in the
AL Zahra area on the outskirts of Gaza
City their bodies were taken to the
already overwhelmed alaka Hospital in
central Gaza well hind alud is at the
alaka hospital in darl Bala in central
Gaza she joins us now and H what can you
tell us about these latest strikes on uh
residential homes and buildings and
civilians that have been
killed well the last air air strike was
in the Gaza City in alhat refugee camp
where the Israeli forces targeted a
house and at least three Palestinian
women were killed aot at Refugee is one
of the most densely populated refugee
camps and there are still people living
there uh there has been also continuous
artillery shelling and air strikes in uh
the eastern part of kenun and there has
been an air strike in uh Alber G camp
where at least a child has been killed
and at least five people uh were got
injured and they were transferred to Al
AXA hospital where I am right now we
have been also hearing artillery
shelling in the Eastern parts of the
middle area and there have been warnings
about people in Gaza especially children
suffering from famine starvation and Mal
nutrition what have you seen
well I we just saw the funeral of the
10y old bab child uh Mustafa Jai where
he had H he was died due to health
complications and the malnutrition made
uh his situation worse where he passed
away earlier uh today in uh the morning
this is the second um uh uh case where
Palestinian children are
uh dying due to malnutrition Hanan died
two days ago from the same exact uh um
case and according to Kamal adan's
director it's the hospital in the north
he's saying that there are more than 200
Palestinian children that are currently
in risk of death due to malnutrition uh
there has been a lot of uh hard
situation for Palestinians to reach and
to get food where there has been no
caned food there has been no fresh food
the only thing that is currently
available is wheat flour and bread and
Palestinians on social media from the
north are going out with hashtags that H
they need more Aid coming in and they
need more food coming into the northern
Parts everyone is fearing another wave
of starvation in the Northern parts of
the gosal strip all right thank you very
much H Ali there in darl Bala in central